King Bei Jing, not only is a supreme genius, looking at the next three continents is also a great genius, there are few comparable people.

At the same time, King Bei Jing, is also the pillar of the Bapi Dynasty, can be said to be the pillar of the Bapi Dynasty, at a young age, already has such achievements, and even people think that King Bei Jing, one day will be able to surpass the benzene Dragon War God.

Within the Bapi Dynasty, and even the entire chaotic continent, some people are curious about what kind of relationship the North King of Tranquility has with the Bapi Daoist Monarch, whether it is a confidante, a lover, or a concubine?

But, it seems that these relationships do not seem to be the same, what everyone can know is that the Northern King of Tranquility, as a great genius with such an amazing creation, she was instructed by the Eight Pi Daoist Monarch.

Therefore, there are also people who believe that the Northern King of Tranquility and the Eight Pi Daoist Monarchs are in a master-disciple relationship, yet they have never been referred to as master-disciple, and, moreover, are more like a monarch-subject relationship.

The Northern King of Tranquility, the supreme genius of the Bapi Dynasty, is also the peerless genius of the chaotic continent, and even if we look at the entire lower three continents, we can be proud of the existence of the group.

Some people once thought that if the North King of Tranquility and the Eight Pillars Daoist Monarch were really master and disciple, then the North King of Tranquility would be considered to have inherited the mantle of the Eight Pillars Daoist Monarch.

The Northern King of Tranquility, responsible for the frontier affairs of the Eight Pit Dynasty, often less in the Eight Pit Dynasty, the Eight Pit Dynasty, more often than not is guarded by the benzene Dragon War God, while the Northern King of Tranquility, when outside the frontier, and other supreme Daoist heritage has close contact.

As soon as Gong saw the North King of Tranquility, he immediately jumped into her arms, crying to the North King of Tranquility, screaming for the Dragon King to teach a good lesson on the North King of Tranquility.

"Princess, he rests first, here is left to you." At that time, the Dragon King calmed Ah.

The Dragon King's words are very useless to Ah Shuang, you to Cha Yue Fen zinc a on the nose, grunted or fiercely said: "Wait and see, you have finished." Said, that only on the escort of the guards left.

At this time, Cha Yue Wang stood behind the North King of Jing face, is by the end of the Cha Yue Fen, looking at the eyes after that ordinary female Wang

Standing at the side of the King of Northern Jing, the blazing mad sword, is also standing in concentration, hand tightly gripping the long sword, the fruit of the Dragon King's every move.
--


Among the four dynasties, for the flaming mad sword, above the Zun Long War God, the Dragon Monarch is one of my most rat Heng.

After all, the Dragon King is too old and heavy, and, with no amazing talent, the future path has a quantity, and even the future can surpass the possibility of the Dragon War God.

Such amazing talent, possesses no amount of potential, the age heavy dragon monarch, possesses no ambition, this is also enough to be strange. Even say is set, benzene dragon war god are not likely to support dragon monarch, after all, the future dragon monarch can become the seventh four pi Cha Yue, can stabilize the four pi dynasty.

"The temple." At this time, the dragon monarch king bowed his body to the north quiet king, said: "dragon monarch returned from the frontier, failed to welcome the pivot." Said, is aware of the smell, the demeanor reveals mournful intent.

King Bei Jing looked at the Dragon King, and did not say anything less.

"Konoha chief, how about you talk with the mountain? "At that time, the dragon monarch said to the flaming mad sword that had been standing gazing at the side of the north quiet king.

"That one by one," the blazing flame wild knife is willing, after all, in the blazing flame wild knife seems, cha moon king is also the same as the north quiet king weak strong rival, if the dragon monarch king really has no ambition, the north quiet king's safety will be worried.

"Go ahead." The north quiet king smiled, waved his hand heavily, throat blazing wild knife.
Flaming mad knife firm a on, then into the on, said: "the genus on in the door, the temple at any time call."

Flaming mad knife is willing to enter on, is also just because the Dragon King is still considered trustworthy, more importantly, the North King of Jing that casual sentence between, but let the flaming mad knife without a mysterious confidence, a gin la, will go to perform.

Before the flaming mad knife into on, the north King of Jing Min Yang Yang sat on one, and the dragon King is very peaceful and skilful, is slow is fast, surprisingly for the north King of Jing warm cups of respect, a few moments before, tea fragrance will be full of small canon.

"The temple for the first time, should drink to drink the dynasty's ball snow." Long Junwang for Bei Jing Wang full down, tea mist every ammonia.
King Bei Jing is also polite, pick up the jade tea, fast sucking.

"You come from the devil race, also come from the heavenly god dao." At the time of the King of Bejing reman incense toast, the Dragon King also gave himself its a cup, heavily sucked a mouthful, accompanied by sitting beside the King of Bejing.

In is that the words let the people in hear, this must be scared a small jump.

Heavenly God Road, is the leader of the upper eight continents, is also the leader of the ancient clan in the upper eight continents, although it is said that the Heavenly God Road is referred to a door a faction, but, within the Heavenly God Road of all the sects, are under the Heavenly God Road.

And no one in the upper eight continents knows that the Heavenly God Dao is ruled by the enemy emperor, the Li Yin emperor, who is in charge of the small power and the ear of the bull.
--
 

The emperor from the hidden, and the four phi north quiet is a life and death enemy, between each other, once was known not less than many times of life and death 12

And four pi dynasty's supreme genius, the frontier king marquis, dragon monarch king, surprisingly originated from the heavenly god road, that kind of news, if it is spread out, must let people shock there than.

Speaking of that outside, the Dragon Monarch held his tea, looked at the Northern King of Tranquility, and said sincerely: "This matter, in addition to Your Majesty, only not very many people know."

Long Junwang told the secret of his origin to Bei Jing Wang, is also very sincere, is also frank, put the trust to Bei Jing Wang.

Long Junwang looked at Cha Yue Fen, although read, North Jing Wang looks ordinary, and has nothing generally over the top, but, Long Junwang understand their own His Majesty, I am going to pass their own four pi emperor seal heavy easy to a special person, is also going to be on the verge of death, the four pi dynasty of small unity of the position to pass to others haphazardly.

"You are just a passing guest." For Cha Yue Wang rate sincere to tell their own origin attitude, the King of Northern Jing faintly smiled.

Long Junwang listened to Cha Yue Fen just to say that kind of words, you droop on the eyes sword, heavy sigh, you are also able to see from under the North Jing Wang what the end to.

Surely the King of the North Jing is willing to say their origin, you also have can do nothing.

Dragon monarch king you up sword mind, holding tea, said: "the demon race, has declined. You arrogance is also just a meager origin, talent boom blunt, arrogance cultivation is also stupid."

Speaking of that outside, the dragon monarch looked at the cup of tea, looking at the chewing depiction of smoke, is also by into the memory.

If no one else heard that kind of words, this must be suspicious, the Dragon King that age, it is not yet a Daoist monarch who has no two holy fruits, that kind of achievement, called the ultimate genius, proud of the sky, is also enough to be strange, which outside and spring stupid to take the next relationship?

"In this great sect, you are just a humble disciple, doing the most humble of menial jobs." Dragon Monarch said heavily.

At that time, Xiao Dian as if into a very quiet, that quiet as if even the sound of burning torches can be heard clearly.

The dragon monarch spoke of his life and where he came from.

"This life, you had thought a lifetime and humble." Speaking of that outside, the dragon monarch said heavily: "Unexpectedly, did not think that one day, met His Majesty, I as if the sun, illuminated your life. When I first saw you, I said that your bloodline embraced no poor potential, and asked you if you would follow me to cultivate."

"Swallow." Hearing the words of the Dragon King, the Northern King of Silence nodded and said: "I am also indeed considered no eyesight, can see that he embraces no ancient blood."

--


"How does he know one by one," when the King of North Jing finished his words, the Dragon King holding the teacup almost fell to the ground, you are by a small cry, very surprised.

Can know the matter of your lineage, is only a few windows, not to mention, back then you came from the great sect, and days can not identify the strength of your lineage?

The four northern Jing can be said to be discerning, a glance to recognize the Dragon King has no ancient lineage, but also because of this, to guide the Cha Yue Wang's cultivation, so that you get a small creation, followed the four northern Jing came to the four Pit Dynasty.

The dragon monarch king is indeed there is no let the four north Jing disappointed, your cultivation is also a sudden leap back, showed the absolute world has double the talent, let people amazed, age heavy, on the evidence of the cha moon, achievement is absolutely can not be proud of the eight continents, in the year heavy generation, called down is the absolute genius.

Can't say, if there is no four phi north quiet of the wise eye to see the pearl, dragon monarch king today is still a humble big disciple just.

Four horses North Jing's small kindness, the dragon monarch king lifetime remembered in the heart, four horses North Jing can see your ancient blood, in the dragon monarch king, is also enough for the strange, after all, I am a generation has political North Jing, majestic spoke great strategy, embracing no under the insight.

In the Dragon Monarch's mind, there is no one who can be more unseen than the four Phi Cha Yue, there is no one who can be more great with the four Phi Bei Jing.

Moreover, the secret of your origin, the secret of your bloodline, those who know is only a few celebrations.

But, now the king of the north Jing but a bite to break, that is indeed let Cha Yue Wang snack a shock, sure that words from the mouth of the four pi north Jing, the dragon monarch king is intended, but, from the mouth of Cha Yue Fen said, a mediocre and special cultivator, that casually, is the dragon monarch king was a small jump.

"Just a big deal." King Bei Jing smiled faintly and said: "Four pi although he saw his ancient blood, although also nudged his cultivation, but, after all, I am a devil, also for the devil's blood know is deep, otherwise, with his Cha Yue's creation, you devil drowned ancient blood, and the sky stops here also."

"He one by one" dragon monarch king one on the son was shocked, long back is over, horrified said: "he, he, he knows the devil drowned ancient blood."

The first time I saw the four Pitchfork, the four Pitchfork knew that your bloodline did not have an amazing potential, but, it is to know what kind of bloodline you have.

--
Until we came back to the four pi dynasty, four pi north quietly looking for Xu Xiao's ancient books before, only to know that the bloodline you have no, is an ancient bloodline called the devil wang ancient blood.

  

"Four little ancient blood, the devil drowned also." The Northern King of Tranquility said in a heavy-handed manner.

North quiet king that kind of heavy description words, at once, the dragon monarch king to shock, a long time back is ov
